Added documentation on updated IAM behavior (#7056)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/graphqlapi/customize-authorization-rules/index.mdx

}
```

You can also override the authorization provider. In the example below, you can use an "Unauthenticated Role" from the Cognito identity pool for public access instead of an API Key.

<BlockSwitcher>
<Block name="Amplify CLI">

When you run `amplify add auth`, the Amplify CLI generates scoped down IAM policies for the "Unauthenticated role" in Cognito identity pool automatically.

```graphql
# public authorization with provider override

> type Post @model @auth(rules: [{ allow: public, provider: iam }]) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type Post @model @auth(rules: [{ allow: public, provider: identityPool }]) {
```

should we do this now or later ?

Author: After discussing on Slack, we'll do this later, when the new Gen 1 release is out.

    apiKeyConfig: {
      expires: cdk.Duration.days(30)
    },

>     identityPool: {

Author: ```suggestion
    identityPoolConfig: {
```

In the example above, anyone with a valid JWT token from Cognito user pool are allowed to access all Todos.

You can also override the authorization provider. In the example below, you can use an "Authenticated Role" from the Cognito identity pool for granting access to signed-in users.

<BlockSwitcher>
<Block name="Amplify CLI">

When you run `amplify add auth`, the Amplify CLI generates scoped down IAM policies for the "Authenticated role" in Cognito identity pool automatically.

```graphql
# public authorization with provider override

> type Post @model @auth(rules: [{ allow: private, provider: iam }]) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type Post @model @auth(rules: [{ allow: private, provider: identityPool }]) {
```

### Use IAM authorization within the AppSync console

<BlockSwitcher>
<Block name="Amplify CLI">

> IAM-based `@auth` rules are scoped down to only work with Amplify-generated IAM roles. To access the GraphQL API with IAM authorization within your AppSync console, you need to explicitly allow list the IAM user's name. Add the allow-listed IAM users by adding them to `amplify/backend/api/<your-api-name>/custom-roles.json`. (Create the `custom-roles.json` file if it doesn't exist). Append the `adminRoleNames` array with the IAM role or user names:

Reviewer: Does this paragraph make sense ?

All they need to do is to set `authorizationModes.iamConfig.enableIamAuthorizationMode = true` and attach appropriate IAM policy to any non-cognito IAM principal. 

If we're deprecating `adminRoleNames` we should write this section from scratch. 

Or perhaps delete this block and just mention in section below that any non-cognito IAM principal would work.

Author: This section is specific to the Gen 1 CLI block of the docs, where they still have the old behaviro.

</Block>
<Block name="AWS CDK">

> To grant an external AWS Resource or an IAM role access, **with the exception of Amazon Cognito identity pool roles**, to this GraphQL API in CDK, you need to enable IAM authorization mode via the `iamConfig` property of the CDK construct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To grant any IAM principal (AWS Resource, IAM role, IAM user, etc) access, **with the exception of Amazon Cognito identity pool roles**, to this GraphQL API in CDK, you need to enable IAM authorization mode via the `iamConfig` property of the CDK construct.
```

It's not only resources and roles, but also IAM users.

</Block>

<Block name="AWS CDK">

> To grant an external AWS Resource or an IAM role access, **with the exception of Amazon Cognito identity pool roles**, to this GraphQL API in CDK, you need to enable IAM authorization mode on the CDK construct.

Reviewer: similar comment here.

> To grant an external AWS Resource or an IAM role access, **with the exception of Amazon Cognito identity pool roles**, to this GraphQL API in CDK, you need to enable IAM authorization mode on the CDK construct.

Author: ```suggestion
To grant any IAM principal (AWS Resource, IAM role, IAM user, etc), **with the exception of Amazon Cognito identity pool roles**, to this GraphQL API in CDK, you need to enable IAM authorization mode on the CDK construct.
```
